#summary General information
#labels Featured

= Description =
*WDXTagLib* is a content plugin for [http://www.ghisler.com Total Commander] which uses [http://taglib.github.io/ TagLib] library for reading and editing the meta-data of several popular audio formats. Currently it supports both ID3v1 and ID3v2 for MP3 files, Ogg Vorbis comments andID3 tags and Vorbis comments in FLAC, MPC, Speex, !WavPack !TrueAudio, WAV, AIFF, MP4 and ASF files.

= Functionality =
Tags supported for reading and editing:
 * title,
 * artist,
 * album,
 * year,
 * tracknumber,
 * comment,
 * genre.

Readonly tags:
 * bitrate,
 * samplerate,
 * channels,
 * length,
 * tag type.

= License Agreement =
This software is distributed under the GNU General Public License ([http://www.fsf.org/licensing/licenses/gpl.html GPL])
version 3 or later or GNU Lesser General Public License ([http://www.fsf.org/licensing/licenses/lgpl.html LGPL]) version 3 or later.

= Notes =
This plugin uses [http://taglib.github.io TagLib] library for reading and writing tag files. [http://taglib.github.io TagLib] library distributed under LGPL terms.

= Requirements =
 * [http://www.ghisler.com/ Total Commander] 7.02 or higher (7.5 for Unicode support).

= Installation =
[http://www.ghisler.ch/wiki/index.php/Plugin#Plugin_installation Look here].


= Uninstallation =
[Uninstallation Look here].

= Usage =
It is possible to create custom column set via Configuration->Options->Custom columns dialog.

Also check [http://www.ghisler.ch/wiki/index.php?title=Content_plugin here] for more usage scenarios.

= Version history =
[http://code.google.com/p/wdxtaglib/wiki/History Look here].

= Special thanks =
 * Christian Ghisler, author of [http://www.ghisler.com Total Commander].
 * [http://taglib.github.io TagLib] project.

= Support =
 * [http://code.google.com/p/wdxtaglib/ WDXTagLib at Google Code].
 * [http://ghisler.ch/board/viewtopic.php?p=145149 plugin discussion]

= No Warranty =
The software described in this readme has no warranty, it is provided “as is”. It is your responsibility to validate the behavior of the routines and their accuracy using the source code provided, or to purchase support and warranties from commercial redistributors. Consult the GNU General Public license for further details.