#summary Readme file.
#labels Featured

*WDXTagLib*
Content plugin for [http://www.ghisler.com/ Total Commander]
by Dmitry Murzaikin

=Description=
This is a content plugin for Total Commander that allows you to show audio
file tags in columns, edit tags and search in tags. Supported file formats:
MP3, MPC, FLAC, Ogg FLAC, Ogg Vorbis and Speex.

=Functionality=
Tags supported for reading and writing:
 * title;
 * artist;
 * album;
 * year;
 * tracknumber;
 * comment;
 * genre.

Readonly tags:
 * bitrate;
 * samplerate;
 * channels;
 * length;
 * tag type.

It has been tested with Total Commander 7.02a under Windows XP.

=Known issues=
 * National characters are not supported yet.

=License Agreement=
This software is distributed under the GNU General Public License (GPL)
version 3 or later and GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL) version 3 or later.

=Requirements=
 * Total Commander 7.02 or higher.
 * libtag.dll (included).
 * msvcrt.dll (included).

=Installation=
Firstly place the libtag.dll and msvcrt.dll in the totalcmd.exe folder or
somewhere in the %PATH%. Then add wdxtaglib.wdx as content plugin.

=Version history=
[ Look here]


=Special thanks=
 * Christian Ghisler, author of [http://www.ghisler.com Total Commander].
 * [http://developer.kde.org/~wheeler/taglib.html TagLib] project.
 * Andrey "Ergo" Pyasetskiy maintainer of [http://www.wincmd.ru wincmd.ru] and [http://totalcmd.net totalcmd.net].


=Support=
 * [murzzz@gmail.com author's e-mail]
 * [http://www.totalcmd.net/plugring/wdxtaglib.html plugin homepage on totalcmd.net (en)]
 * plugin's homepage (ru): http://wincmd.ru/plugring/wdxtaglib.html
 * plugin's support (en): http://ghisler.ch/board/viewtopic.php?p=145149